Tasks
Fix badge display for tenant tier
Send email for sign-up verification
Add password reset email feature
Suggest email sending setup option
Check progress and verify fixes

logs
analyse and execute the remaining. check logs for errors also
10 minutes ago
Analyzed remaining email tasks
Let me check the current logs and analyze the remaining tasks.
Checked console and system logs
Planned email integration improvements
Looking at the logs, I can see:
The app is running successfully on port 5000
Main issue: The Resend email service is not connected - Error: Resend not connected
Let me check the email service and the Resend integration setup:
Opened server/services/email.ts
Executed rg -n getTierBadge client/src/pages/superadmin-tenants.tsx
Decided on schema checks (4 seconds)
Now I have a clear picture. Here's my analysis:
Current Status
Issues Found:
Resend Email Not Connected - The email service is coded properly but the Resend connector credentials are not accessible. The error Resend not connected means the API key isn't configured in the Replit connector.
Badge Display for Missing tier Field - The getTierBadge function references tenant.tier but this field may not exist in the database schema (I can see subscriptionTier is used instead).
Remaining Tasks from the attached file:
Fix badge display for missing levels
Connect system for sending emails (Resend connector needs configuration)
Make email messages for common actions (templates are created)
Add admin page for email choices (page exists at /superadmin/email-settings)
Use emails for sign-up and reset (methods exist but not wired to auth flow)
Proposed Plan
I'll create a task list to address these remaining items:
Created task list
Worked for 40 seconds
Start building
9 minutes ago
Checkpoint made
9 minutes ago
•
Free
Transitioned from Plan to Build mode
Rollback here
Changes
Decided on badge display fix
I'll start fixing the issues now. Let me begin with the badge display fix and then set up the Resend connector.
Decided on badge display fix
Opened client/src/pages/superadmin-tenants.tsx
Decided on API field naming (5 seconds)
I see the issue. The API returns subscriptionTier but the interface uses tier. Let me fix both the interface and the usages:
Opened client/src/pages/superadmin-tenants.tsx
Chose subscription tier field name
Now I'll fix all the tier references to use subscriptionTier:
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/pages/superadmin-tenants.tsx
Decided on tenant tier references
Now let me fix the remaining tenant.tier references in the dropdown menu:
Edited client/src/pages/superadmin-tenants.tsx
Decided on task completion status
Task 1 is complete. Now let me update the tasks and set up the Resend connector:
Proposed Resend connector setup
Now let me propose setting up the Resend connector for email:
Searched for Resend integration
Searched Replit's integrations for "resend email"
Proposed setting up Resend connector
I found the Resend connector. Before setting it up, let me continue with the email verification and password reset wiring while keeping the email service functional (it will work once Resend is connected).
Let me first check the auth routes to wire up email verification:
Show 4 more
Opened server/routes.ts
Decided on email service integration
I can see the verification flow exists but doesn't actually send emails yet. Let me wire up the email service to these flows. First, let me check if there's a password reset route:
Executed rg -n 'password-reset|forgot-password|reset-password' server/routes.ts
Planned email service integration
Let me read the password reset routes and check the LSP errors:
Opened server/routes.ts
Checked code issues
Decided on LSP error resolutions
Let me fix the LSP errors and wire up the email service. First, let me check the specific lines with issues:
Show 2 more
Opened server/routes.ts
Decided on issue resolutions (4 seconds)
Let me fix the LSP errors and wire up the email service. First, let me fix the method name error and check the MikroTik service:
Edited server/routes.ts
Decided on MikroTik service fixes
Now let me fix the MikroTik service issue. Let me check what createMikrotikService returns:
Executed rg -n 'createMikrotikService|executeCommand' server/services/mikrotik.ts | head -n 30
Analyzed MikrotikService creation logic
I see the issue - createMikrotikService is async and needs to be awaited. Let me fix both the MikroTik issue and the Map iteration:
Show 3 more
Checked code issues
Planned email service integration
All LSP errors are fixed. Now let me wire up the email service to the auth routes. First, let me check the imports section:
Opened server/routes.ts
Planned email service integration
Now let me add the email service import and wire it up to the auth flows:
Edited server/routes.ts
Planned email service integration steps
Now let me wire up email sending in the registration flow for PREMIUM tier:
Edited server/routes.ts
Planned email notification additions
Now let me update the forgot-password and resend-verification flows:
Edited server/routes.ts
Edited server/routes.ts
Decided on email service integration
Now let me restart the workflow and then propose setting up the Resend connector:
Restarted Start application
Planned connector setup proposal
Proposed Resend connector setup
I've wired up all the email functionality. Now I need to help you connect the Resend email service. The email templates are ready for:
Verification emails during sign-up
Password reset emails
Welcome emails after registration
To send actual emails, you'll need to connect your Resend account. I'll set this up now:
Checkpoint made
4 minutes ago
Integrate email services for user account management and verification
Rollback here
Changes
