Tasks
Fix administrator sign-in access problem
Match new accounts to profile settings
Add multiple ways to save reports
Zip selected designs for download
Add and find voucher codes
Fix settings updates, check forms
Fix ticket creation in dashboard
Check Kenyan phone numbers for payments
Fix dashboard reports section function

logs
error in super admin loggin in to account
Check the details used in the account creation section of registration is used also in the profile section of the settings.
Ensure exported documents can be exported in various formats like pdf, csv, excel.
There is no zip download of files required after designing them in the design portal. The download link should be available in the design portal and should be implemented with the design chosen.
We should label users and transactions with voucher code if its hotspot. And enable our search engine to use search for voucher codes in various parts of the system esp with transactions and client status active,suspended,expired.
There are errors while updating various settings sections
There is a problem with creating a ticket in the ticket section of the dashboard
8.When requesting payments make sure only digits are used and follow the kenya convention of phone numbers.
9.There report section of the the dashboard is not working
55 minutes ago
Decided on issue prioritization strategy (6 seconds)
I see you've reported 9 issues that need to be addressed. Let me quickly understand the scope of each:
Super admin login error - Need to debug authentication for super admin accounts
Profile/registration data mismatch - Ensure registration details carry over to settings profile
Export formats - Add PDF, CSV, and Excel export options for documents
Design portal zip download - Implement download functionality for designed assets
Voucher code labeling & search - Add voucher codes to hotspot users/transactions with searchable fields
Settings update errors - Fix API/validation issues in settings sections
Ticket creation broken - Debug and fix the ticket creation flow
Kenya phone number validation - Enforce Kenyan phone format (digits only, proper format)
Reports section not working - Fix the dashboard reports functionality
I'll create a task list to systematically address each issue. Here's my approach:
First, I'll investigate and fix the authentication/login issues (items 1, 6, 7)
Then address data consistency issues (items 2, 5, 8)
Finally implement the feature enhancements (items 3, 4, 9)
Created task list
Worked for 25 seconds
Start building
54 minutes ago
Checkpoint made
54 minutes ago
•
Free
Transitioned from Plan to Build mode
Rollback here
Changes
Preview
Analyzed authentication flow implementation
I'll start investigating and fixing these issues. Let me first examine the relevant code to understand the current implementation.
Show 18 more
Executed rg -n voucherCode shared/schema.ts
Decided on issue resolution priorities (6 seconds)
Now I have a clear picture. Let me start implementing fixes systematically. I'll start with the critical bugs first.
Executed rg -A 30 -n 'getFinancialReport|getReconciliationReport|getUserActivityReport' server/storage.ts
Opened client/src/pages/register.tsx
Decided on issue resolution order (4 seconds)
I can see the issues now. Let me fix them systematically. The report endpoints return data in a different format than the frontend expects. Let me fix the storage methods and also address other issues.
Opened server/storage.ts
Decided on report data format (5 seconds)
I need to fix the report response formats to match what the frontend expects. Let me update the storage methods.
Edited server/storage.ts
Edited server/storage.ts
Added voucher field, fixed tickets
Now let me fix the other issues. I'll add voucher code fields to the schema, fix ticket creation, and add phone validation.
Show 4 more
Edited shared/schema.ts
Decided on ticket and validation fixes
Now let me push the database schema changes and fix the phone validation issue in the captive portal:
Show 3 more
Executed npm run db:push 2>&1
Analyzed phone number validation logic
Now let me fix the Kenya phone number validation in the captive portal and add multi-format export support. Let me also check the ticket creation and settings issues:
Show 7 more
Optimized Agent memory
Decided on phone input validation
Now let me check and fix the ticket creation route and settings update issues:
Show 5 more
Opened client/src/pages/tickets.tsx
Decided on ticket schema validation (4 seconds)
Now let me add multi-format export support (CSV, PDF, Excel). Let me check the current export implementation:
Show 9 more
Opened client/src/pages/portal-designer.tsx
Decided on report export formats
Now let me add multi-format export support (CSV and Excel) to the reports page. For Excel, I'll create a simple XLS file format:
Opened client/src/pages/reports.tsx
Planned multi-format report export
Let me add multi-format export support (CSV and Excel) to the reports page:
Edited client/src/pages/reports.tsx
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.
Checkpoint made
47 minutes ago
Saved progress at the end of the loop
Rollback here
Changes
View preview

