TASKS
Create screen for checking voucher codes
Auto-connect after payment completes
Add phone lookup for vouchers
Warn and disconnect on usage
Limit login attempts to prevent abuse
Record user actions for review
Add optional two-step login
Enforce strong password rules
Create zones and manage them
Assign zones to techs/customers
Build page for managing zones
Set limits and manage subscriptions
Add payment for upgrades
Create chat between customers/ISP
Track customer loyalty points


LOGS
Let me check the current state of the codebase and logs to understand what was done and what needs to be continued.
Show 4 more
Executed rg -n getVouchersByPhone server
Examined voucher lookup integration
Let me read more of the captive portal to see the full implementation, and check the routes for the voucher lookup endpoint:
Opened client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Executed rg -n '/api/portal/lookup-vouchers|lookup-vouchers' .
Planned voucher lookup API endpoint
Let me check the LSP errors and the routes for the voucher lookup API:
Show 2 more
Opened client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Diagnosed storage.ts LSP error
I see there's an LSP error in storage.ts. Let me fix it and then create a task list to continue with the remaining tasks. Let me read the problematic area:
Opened server/storage.ts
Mapped null to undefined
I need to fix the LSP error by mapping null to undefined for planName. Let me fix that:
Edited server/storage.ts
Planned remaining task list (6 seconds)
Good, the LSP error is fixed. Now let me create a task list based on the tasks from the attached file and start implementing them:
Verified workflow, checked voucher lookup
Let me restart the workflow and verify the voucher lookup is working:
Show 4 more
Took a screenshot
Found the correct captive route
Let me check the correct route for the captive portal:
Show 2 more
Took a screenshot
Decided on task completion and verification
The captive portal is working. I can see it has the "Have a Voucher?" button. The 401 error is likely for some non-critical API call. Let me mark Task 1 as complete and move to the next task (auto-connect after payment completes).
Check and finish voucher lookup screen
Show 6 more
Opened server/services/mikrotik.ts
Decided on auto-connect logic
I'm continuing work on task 2: "Auto-connect after payment completes". Let me search for where transactions are completed to understand the payment flow and implement auto-connect functionality.
Executed rg -n 'status.*COMPLETED|COMPLETED.*status' server
Opened server/services/payment-worker.ts
Decided on captive portal logic (5 seconds)
The payment worker already activates users on the router via activateUserOnRouter. The missing piece is showing the user their credentials after payment completes. Let me check what the success state shows:
Opened client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Decided on WiFi credential display
I need to add an endpoint to return WiFi credentials after payment and update the success screen. Let me:
Add an API endpoint to get credentials by transaction ID
Update the captive portal to fetch and display credentials
Opened server/routes.ts
Decided on endpoint addition
Let me search for the transaction endpoint and add the credentials endpoint:
Show 2 more
Opened server/routes.ts
Decided on API endpoint addition
Now I'll add the endpoint for fetching WiFi credentials after payment and update the captive portal success screen:
Edited server/routes.ts
Planned captive portal credential display
Now let me update the captive portal to fetch and display credentials after payment:
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Decided on poll function updates
Now I need to update the poll function to fetch credentials on success and update the success UI:
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Decided on success screen display
Now I need to update the success screen to display credentials. Let me find and update it:
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Planned auto-connect feature integration
Now let me restart the workflow and check for any LSP errors:
Show 6 more
Checked code issues
Verified captive portal functionality
Let me take a screenshot to verify the portal is working:
Took a screenshot
Decided on tenant route authentication
The 401 error is from the /api/tenant endpoint which requires authentication. For the captive portal (which is public), we need a public tenant endpoint. Let me fix this:
Show 6 more
Opened client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Planned captive portal API changes
Based on my review, I need to complete Task 2 by adding a public tenant endpoint for the captive portal. The issue is that /api/tenant requires authentication but the captive portal is unauthenticated.
Let me add the public tenant endpoint and update the captive portal:
Opened server/routes.ts
Planned tenant endpoint addition
Now I'll add the public tenant endpoint and update the captive portal:
Edited server/routes.ts
Decided on tenant API endpoint
Now let me update the captive portal to use the public endpoint:
Edited client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Verified workflow execution
Let me restart the workflow and verify everything works:
Show 4 more
Took a screenshot
Decided on captive portal fix
The captive portal is now working correctly - it shows "MnetiFi Demo" from the tenant data and loads plans without authentication errors.
Let me update the persisted information and mark the task complete:
Created .local/state/memory/persisted_information.md
Decided on review process
Implemented public tenant endpoint
Decided on Task 2 completion
The architect approved the changes. Let me update the task list:
Connect automatically after payment
Show 2 more
Created new context
Opened .local/state/memory/persisted_information.md
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.
Checkpoint made
12 minutes ago
Saved progress at the end of the loop



