TASKS
Create screen for checking voucher codes
Auto-connect after payment completes
Add phone lookup for vouchers
Warn and disconnect on usage
Limit login attempts to prevent abuse
Record user actions for review
Add optional two-step login
Enforce strong password rules
Create zones and manage them
Assign zones to techs/customers
Build page for managing zones
Set limits and manage subscriptions
Add payment for upgrades
Create chat between customers/ISP
Track customer loyalty points


LOGS
Transitioned from Plan to Build mode
Rollback here
Changes
Preview
Show 6 more
Opened shared/schema.ts
Decided on voucher lookup UI
I'll continue working on the task list. Let me start with Task 1 - implementing the captive portal voucher lookup UI. First, I need to understand the current voucher schema and routes.
Show 6 more
Restarted Start application
Decided on voucher lookup strategy
Now I understand the schema well. The voucher schema already exists. I need to:
Add a public API endpoint to lookup vouchers by phone number
Enhance the captive portal UI to show a tab/toggle between "Buy Plan" and "Use Voucher"
Add phone number lookup to find existing vouchers
Let me look at the storage interface to see what methods are available.
Let me check the storage interface to understand available methods.
Executed rg -n 'getVoucher|redeemVoucher|Voucher' server/storage.ts
Decided on voucher API integration
Now I need to add a method to lookup vouchers by phone number and a public API endpoint. Let me first add the storage interface method and then the route.
Show 12 more
Edited server/routes.ts
Planned captive portal UI update
Now let me update the captive portal UI to add the voucher lookup by phone feature. I'll read the current file and add the phone lookup functionality.
Opened client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Decided on voucher lookup step
Let me update the captive-portal.tsx to add a new step for looking up vouchers by phone. First I'll add the new type and state, then add the lookup step UI.
Show 4 more
Edited client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Planned lookup voucher functionality and UI
Now I need to add the lookup function and the UI for the new step. Let me find the right location.
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Decided on UI order
Now let me update handleRetry to clear new state and add the UI for the lookup-vouchers step. Let me find the enter-voucher section in the UI.
Show 13 more
Opened server/routes.ts
Decided on next task steps
I need to continue Task 1 by adding a button to navigate to the lookup-vouchers step. Let me read the current captive-portal.tsx to see where to add this.
Opened client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Decided on footer for select-plan
I need to add a "Find My Vouchers" button to the select-plan step. Let me add it after the plan list:
Edited client/src/pages/captive-portal.tsx
Decided on Task 1 review
Now let me check for LSP errors and restart the workflow:
Checked code issues
Restarted Start application
Reviewed task 1 completion
The workflow is running. Now let me call the architect to review Task 1 implementation:
Reviewed captive portal voucher lookup
Planned voucher lookup and security fixes (5 seconds)
I need to fix the issues identified by the architect. Let me check the voucher and transaction schemas to understand how to properly link vouchers to phone numbers:
Executed rg -A 30 'vouchers.*=.*pgTable' shared/schema.ts
Executed rg -A 25 'transactions.*=.*pgTable' shared/schema.ts
Decided on voucher lookup logic (13 seconds)
Let me look at the current getVouchersByPhone implementation:
Opened server/storage.ts
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.
Checkpoint made
16 minutes ago
Add ability for users to look up their previously purchased vouchers

