TASK
Fix hotspot tenant data separation
Organize settings into sub-menus
Add SMS verification for payments
Show premium payment options clearly
Rename WiFi users to customers
Allow custom plan duration input
Add router command tool




analyze the following tasks and logs make sure they are done. then for nthe new implimentations make sure oyu understand every aspect ask questions where you feel is necessary to make implementation thcreate an executable plan
1 hour ago
3 messages & 5 actions
Let me analyze the current state of your system and understand what's been implemented versus what's still needed.
ii dont have whatsapp api add sms as a fallback till i get the api. use the free version form maps.zonzones are created created by admin like they are now. we are only adding it to the customer details to better organize info, for all information that is premium grey it out and show premium badge .this applies to all premium features, no hiding just grey out with premium badge. i want a full terminal emulator to run RouterOS commands, and also include predefined command buttons for easier accessibility. dont enable vpn first till i get further information
49 minutes ago
Optimized Agent memory
Planned settings page restructure (11 seconds)
Thanks for the clarifications. Here's my plan to implement all these features:

Implementation Plan
Phase 1: Critical Bug Fix
Fix the hotspot tenant isolation bug causing 404 errors when retrieving hotspot data.
Phase 2: Settings Restructure
Transform the single settings page into a sub-menu navigation with:
Profile
Hotspot Settings
Payment Gateway (with OTP verification + Till/Paybill selection)
Backup & Restore
Notifications
MikroTik Import
Clear Cache
Phase 3: Payment Gateway Enhancements
Add SMS OTP verification before editing payment settings
Add Till vs Paybill toggle for M-Pesa
Add greyed-out premium payment options (Airtel Money, PayPal, Bank) with "Premium" badges
Phase 4: Customers Section
Rename "WiFi Users" to "Customers"
Enhanced fields: username, full name, email, phone, password, PPPoE password (premium), IP address, router, service type (with premium indicators), zone dropdown, OpenStreetMap location picker
Default hotspot password: 1234
Phase 5: Plan Duration Enhancement
Replace preset durations with custom input (value + unit dropdown: minutes/hours/days/months)
Phase 6: Terminal Emulator
Full RouterOS terminal emulator in Network section
Predefined command buttons for common operations (interfaces, logs, users, etc.)
Created task list
Worked for 58 seconds
Start building
48 minutes ago
Checkpoint made
48 minutes ago
•
Free
Transitioned from Plan to Build mode
Rollback here
Changes
Preview
Investigated tenant isolation bug
I'll start implementing these features right away. Let me begin with the critical bug fix first.
Show 4 more
Executed rg -A 15 -n 'api/hotspots.*:id' server/routes.ts
Asked architect for guidance
I found the issue - many hotspot routes don't verify tenant ownership. Let me get architectural guidance to ensure a consistent fix.
Fixed hotspot tenant isolation bug
Decided on hotspot loading strategy
I'll now implement the tenant isolation fix. Let me update the storage and fix the routes.
Opened server/storage.ts
Executed rg -n 'getHotspot\(req\.params' server/routes.ts
Decided on storage method inclusion
Let me add the tenant-scoped hotspot method to storage and then fix the routes:
Edited server/storage.ts
Edited server/storage.ts
Planned tenant verification for routes
Now let me read the routes file to add the helper and fix the affected routes:
Show 2 more
Edited server/routes.ts
Decided on remaining hotspot routes
Now let me fix the other hotspot routes that also need tenant verification:
Opened server/routes.ts
Fixed additional MikroTik routes
Let me fix the MikroTik router management routes that are missing tenant verification:
Edited server/routes.ts
Examined remaining route tenant verifications
Let me also fix the remaining hotspot routes that still have the issue:
Show 4 more
Opened server/routes.ts
Determined type narrowing fix
The LSP error is about the status property not being typed properly. Let me fix the helper function return type:
Show 2 more
Checked code issues
Decided on tenant isolation fix (5 seconds)
The hotspot tenant isolation fix is complete. The existing routes like /api/hotspots/:id/stats already have inline tenant verification. Let me restart the workflow to verify the changes work:
Restarted Start application
Restructured settings page layout
Good, the application is running. Let me now update the task list and move to the next item - restructuring the settings page into sub-menus:
Show 2 more
Opened client/src/App.tsx
Planned settings page restructuring (4 seconds)
This is a substantial restructuring task. Let me delegate it to a subagent to create the settings sub-menu structure:
Restructuring settings page navigation
Decided on settings structure rework
The settings restructure is complete. Let me verify it works and then continue with the remaining tasks:
Took a screenshot
Decided on batching tasks 3-4
The settings restructure is complete (it shows login because authentication is required). Let me continue with tasks 3 and 4 - adding OTP verification and premium payment options to the payment gateway:
Decided on payment gateway structure
Opened client/src/pages/settings/payment-gateway.tsx
Decided on payment gateway enhancements (4 seconds)
Let me enhance the payment gateway with OTP verification and premium options. I'll do this in parallel - backend OTP routes and frontend updates:
Executed rg -A 10 -n api/auth/2fa server/routes.ts | head -n 30
Executed rg -n SmsService server | head -n 20
Decided on OTP endpoints and payment page
Let me read the SMS service to understand how to send OTP, then implement the payment gateway OTP flow:
Opened server/services/sms.ts
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.
Checkpoint made
35 minutes ago
Organize application settings into a new navigation structure
Rollback here
Changes
View preview

