TASKS
Assign customers to support staff
Create and manage WiFi access codes
Improve WiFi login user experience
Connect WiFi to router systems
Separate internet plans by type
Enhance customer self-service portal
Control paid service access levels
Improve account security features
Add admin tools and reports
Create functionality to export data
Add WhatsApp and SMS messaging



LOGS
Deciding on next development steps (8 seconds)
I'll analyze your project and continue building from where the previous session left off. Let me first check the current state and any issues:
Show 5 more
Opened client/src/pages/hotspot-plans.tsx
Decided on remaining tasks list (7 seconds)
Good - no LSP errors and the plan pages are properly implemented. The server is running. Let me create a task list for the remaining features and continue building:
Planned portal structure and content
Let me start with Task 1 - enhancing the customer self-service portal. First, I'll check what currently exists:
Show 2 more
Executed rg -l '/api/customer|getCustomer' server
Analyzed existing customer portal code
Let me check the existing customer portal and the API endpoints:
Opened client/src/pages/customer-portal.tsx
Executed rg -A 10 -n '/api/customer|/api/portal' server/routes.ts
Decided on next task selection
The customer portal is already well-implemented with:
Phone OTP authentication
Account status overview
Transaction history
Plan renewal
Payment settings
Let me update the task and move to the next one - adding admin reports and data export functionality:
Improve customer portal features
Show 6 more
Opened client/src/components/app-sidebar.tsx
Decided on reports page implementation
I've refreshed my context. Based on my notes, I'm working on Task 3 - creating an admin reports page. Let me check if the reports page exists and continue from there.
Executed find . -name '*report*.tsx' -type f -exec stat -c '%Y %n' '{}' ';' | sort -nr | cut -d' ' -f2-
Opened client/src/App.tsx
Planned reports page creation
The reports page doesn't exist yet. Let me check the analytics endpoints that are already available:
Executed rg -B 1 -A 10 -n analytics server/routes.ts
Executed rg -A 20 -n 'getFinancialReport|getReconciliationReport|getUserActivityReport' server/storage.ts
Decided on API endpoint needs
Let me check if there are API routes for the reports:
Executed rg -i -n '/api.*report|financial|reconciliation.*report' server/routes.ts
Chose page layout improvements
The API endpoints already exist. Now I'll create the reports page with date filtering and export functionality. Let me create the reports page:
Created client/src/pages/reports.tsx
Decided on route and sidebar updates
Now let me add the route to App.tsx and add Reports to the sidebar:
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/components/app-sidebar.tsx
Decided on sidebar menu items
Now let me add the Reports menu item to the sidebar:
Edited client/src/components/app-sidebar.tsx
Decided on sidebar updates
Now let me restart the workflow and check for any errors:
Restarted Start application
Verified reports page functionality
Let me check the logs and verify everything is working:
Checked console and system logs
Verified reports page functionality
The server is running - the "connection lost" message is normal during hot reload. Let me take a screenshot of the reports page to verify it's working:
Took a screenshot
Decided on task completion status (4 seconds)
The screenshot shows the login page because authentication is required. The reports page is implemented correctly. Let me now update the task list and get architect review:
Evaluated new reports page implementation
Analyzed data structure issues
Let me check the actual API response structure and fix the issues:
Executed rg -A 30 -n 'getFinancialReport|dailyRevenue|planRevenue' server/storage.ts
Decided on reports page adjustments (5 seconds)
Looking at the storage code, the data is already returned as arrays. The issue is the field name mismatch - API returns successfulTransactions but I'm using completedTransactions. Let me fix the issues:
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/pages/reports.tsx
Found and fixed transaction reference
Now let me fix the display that references completedTransactions:
Show 2 more
Edited client/src/pages/reports.tsx
Decided on LSP error resolution
Let me check the LSP errors and fix any remaining issues:
Checked code issues
Fixed planId reference issues
Let me fix the planId reference error:
Show 4 more
Checked code issues
Decided on task completion criteria
No LSP errors. Let me restart the workflow and update the task list:
Restarted Start application
Marked task 3 as pending review
Got architect review for task 3
Reviewed admin reports page implementation
Tried a new architect call approach
Reviewed Reports and Analytics page
Marked task three complete
The architect approved the implementation. Let me mark task 3 as completed and update the persisted information:
Add admin reports and analytics
Show 5 more
Opened client/src/App.tsx
Decided on next task direction (8 seconds)
I've reviewed the project state. Here's the current status:
Completed Tasks:
Task 1: Customer self-service portal with OTP login, account overview, transactions, and plan renewal
Task 3: Admin tools and reports page with 4 tabs (Revenue, Plan Performance, User Activity, Reconciliation) and CSV exports
Pending Tasks:
Task 2: Control paid service access levels (user access status management and role-based permissions)
Task 4: Export functionality (Reports already has CSV export - need to add it to WiFi Users and Transactions pages)
Task 5: WhatsApp and SMS messaging integration
The application is running. Which task would you like me to work on next?
Checkpoint made
7 minutes ago
Saved progress at the end of the loop

